Specify the type of VCS instance that cannot be accessed. (#1806)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/agents/index.html.md

> Agents are designed to allow you to run Terraform operations from a Terraform Cloud workspace on your private infrastructure. The following use cases are not supported by agents:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agents allow you to run Terraform operations from a Terraform Cloud workspace on your private infrastructure. Agents do not support:
```

> - Connecting to private infrastructure from Sentinel policies using the [http import](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel/imports/http)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connecting to private infrastructure from Sentinel policies using the [http import](https://docs.hashicorp.com/sentinel/imports/http).
```

> - Connecting Terraform Cloud workspaces to VCS instances that do not allow access from the public internet, for example a GitHub Enterprise Server instance that requires access to your VPN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connecting Terraform Cloud workspaces to VCS instances that do not allow access from the public internet. For example, you cannot use agents to connect to a GitHub Enterprise Server instance that requires access to your VPN.
```
